Hmm
Yes it is from Hello everyone is a flower artist scene influence
This flava tea beer has established a new corner
I new corner is what Hana introduce flowers introduce corner or this
Cats rare flowers and more and more
I would like to introduce more and more breast or Well commonplace of hamburger after from a popular
I'm sorry
The first bill to commemorate the impact is Ranunculus here
Amazing high Oh probably this Tamagotamago yellow is amazing large
We have everything from small ones to large ones
From great soft teeth as a great record image
Is not there a little stiff image if there Toka what banner
But this perfuming lath is very soft
Soft
You can make an arrangement bouquet load
And I here
There is that flower
Is attractive
Calm
I think that the word is something attractive that is full of attractiveness
It's attractive there is also a strong presence but it is certainly talk a fluffy Nekou is
And there is one more awesome cat
What Te was in the mood
The say in the design of view
Here is this, but it is Ren
But become only talking about those who Murray plant
In terms of design too
There is a cave in the back town 9
Iran
I do this it is a two-way enter smooth stop and wire money to the United States
Then you are free to use this stem
You can bend
It is possible to make a curve by attacking
That's why I 'm not particularly odd at arranging .
I can draw a professional school beautiful net struggle
It is one of the household goods
Please try to use it by all means
It is a man class the first time should be commemorated
color is
Pink yellow red
Green various clients seat There are various colors
By all means
Frontage and bouquet
Please try to use it as Suzuka yummy decorating flowers
It is a very beautiful flower
here you go